the pieces are : normal checkers pieces, the bagel which looks like a normal checkers piece but with a hole in the center an tiny dots on it it moves like a normal piece but takes piecis by going onto the square that they were on before they got captured. when a piece reaches the other side of the board it is crowned.The next piece is the pancake it looks like a normal piece but brown and it has a small stick of butter in the corner. The pancake has the movement and taking of a normal piece when the pancake takes a piece the piece goes below the pancake and if the pancake gets jumped it only loses the piece at the bottem but if the bagel takes the pancake  the pancake gets fully captured.The bomb is the next piece it looks like a normal piece with a fuse it acts like a normal piece untill it gets taken then it explodes and takes every piece in a one square radius even your own pieces. if the bomb gets taken by the pancake and enters the stack then it doesn't explode untill the pancake gets captured. then there is the flying disk it can move however far it wants on the diagonal but can only capture one piece and when it captures a piece the disk ends stops right after where  the other piece was. Somthing important you onlt take the pieces off the board after you make your move and that is for every piece so if you are a normal piece then you take a bomb then a bagel you   avoid the bomb explosion. Finally there is the vinyl when it gets taken it  gets only  1 more life  and it flips to the other side and automatically gets crowned but it has to go to the most back avalible space on the board but if you crown it before it gets taken then it gets taken then it doesn't get a second life it just gets captured. each player gets 25 power at the begining of the game. Every piece has a discriptor card so you know what it does before you draft it. The piece values are: normal is free bagel is 1 point bomb is 3 pancake is 4 flying disk is 5 and vinyl is 2. you only get 12 pieces.